hi everybody this is autumn I am here to
make an update today is January 9th 2014
and I hope you all had a great Christmas
and a very happy new year and happy New
Year to everyone I started my journey at
426 pounds and on October 10th
I had R&Y gastric bypass surgery and I'm
proud to say that today I weigh 319
pounds with the total loss of 107 pounds
since September 16th 2013 when I started
my pre-op clear liquid diet so that's
very exciting
I feel so amazing I can't even describe
how good it feels to have 107 pounds off
I have been you know exercising and
going to the gym you know trying to tone
because I do have a lot of excess skin
already in my arms to my inner thighs
and but other than that things are
pretty you know they're not too bad
my diabetes is gone I don't have to take
my met for me anymore
which alone even if I didn't you know
lose any weight that would be like the
most exciting hand to me because I
didn't like having diabetes I struggled
with it no I mean my blood Sugar's were
fine and everything but I just mentally
struggled with the fact that I have a
chronic disease and but my blood Sugar's
now I've been in the 70s which I'm like
yes that's awesome so where am I at
today
so tomorrow is my 3 months post-op I had
my surgery
turbo chance that I just said that
tomorrow will be January 10th so
that's three months and I'm doing pretty
good with eating wives or I'm tolerating
most foods you know texture-wise
I still have a hard time like fighting
meals to make just because I I'm scared
to do anything but I mean my boyfriend
Joey we've been making them is and
cooking in from those so it's been we're
doing good with that water intake is
still you know not as much as I probably
should be it's really difficult to drink
pina your fluids it's really hard to
make sure that you're getting all that
in so I for Christmas I got my boyfriend
bought me a bunch of water bottles so I
just try to keep a lot of bottle with me
all the time I'm just joking with you
know if its water crystal right or you
know even Hawaiian Punch came out with
like sugar free option to make just kind
of like this delay and it's really good
and it's an easy way to get your fluids
in and so but I still struggle with that
and getting better with my protein
intake I still drink my premier protein
chocolate shakes and also I found
premier protein makes protein bars and
there was the best tasting ones that
I've found and they have very little
sugar and 30 grams of protein per bar
and then they also have another thing
called a protein crisp which they have
15 grams of protein in each one I
haven't tried this yet but I was
planning on picking some of those up
this weekend at Costco Costco carries
them and I hope it's not a temporary
thing with the protein bars and that and
the protein pissed because I really
think that's a good place to get them
let's see so I weigh myself pretty much
every day it's horrible but I don't know
I'm just getting excited on my list of
houndour I don't know whatever I fit
into a size 26 tunes and that is just
miraculous to me because I don't even
know I honestly I couldn't fit when I
was 426 I couldn't fit into a normal
pair of jeans with a button in this if I
was wearing elastic jeans or was elastic
waistband on so for me to fit into a
pair of jeans that I can just buy normal
you know plus I section in the store
that feels awesome
it's so awesome and so that feels good I
still have a very long ways to go you
know I I still want it you know lose
another 100 pounds at least hopefully
another 150 pounds but just exercising
my mom my brother got a gym membership
to the YMCA and I've been going with him
to the gym it's really nice when you
have someone that you can work out with
if it's a lot easier to and I feel I
feel so good when I go to the gym I you
know it's just a motivation to get me
there is the most difficult aspect of it
but once I'm in like yeah let's go let's
go let's go and I feel good I'm sore the
next day but that's a good feeling so
and also I just want to say I've gained
so many new subscribers and I just want
to thank you all for watching my videos
it feels really good and I do want to do
um I've give away to subscribers so I'm
going to be making a video maybe
tomorrow and just for you know just to
say thank you for all the people that
are supporting me and subscribe to my
videos and
it just made me nice comments on my
videos you appreciate that so be looking
forward to not here like tomorrow and
maybe the next day just a little
something just to say thank you and what
else what else
and this have a lot more energy invest
another theme I have a ton of energy and
a lot of times I don't know what to do
with it and I'll be at work and I just
kind of want to bring down the hallways
and I work in a hospital so it's kind of
appropriate to do that but I just have a
lot of energy so nothing like I've ever
had really that I can remember so
anyways I think that's it it's not you
have any questions just leave in the
comments yeah so I mean buddy thank you
so much for watching and I'll talk to
you later have a great day